A sneaker store that carries inventory you are looking for but will also pair clients up with rare/any sneakers that they are looking for.

1. What's the company's name? 

Kicks Universal


2. How many locations do they have?

6 locations, (NYC, Atlanta, Chicago, LA, Tokyo, London)


3. How many employees comprise the entire organization?

26 employees


4. Provide the logic you used to estimate the total number of employees.

- 4 per locations (1 register, 2 floor ppl, 1 backroom ppl)
- 2 to maintain database and do research


5. What do they sell or how do they generate revenue?

- regular sneakers
- customized sneakers
- find rare sneakers (finders fee on top of cost of shoes)
 

6. Give an estimate of their gross annual revenue.

- there is about on average a 45% markup on sneakers. 


7. Every company has some notion of a transaction, i.e. some set of operations that constitute the
accomplishment of an objective or task in a software system. Examples of such transactions that drive a
company's business operations are the sale of a retail item, an event ticket sale, a trouble ticket for technical
support, a service of some kind like a trip by taxi or a lesson, a book loan, etc. This notion of transaction will
permeate your design project, so clarify how it applies to your company. What are the information system
transactions that drive your company's operations? 

- mainly selling sneakers


8. How many of each type of transaction occurs per day?

- per location 40 sneakers/day x 6 = 240 sneakers


9. Provide the logic behind your estimate of the number of transactions.



10. What is the throughput of your system in bytes per second?



11. Provide the logic behind your estimate of throughput.



12. A client is someone who seeks your company's services. You are in business to serve your clients. Identify
who the clients are of your company's business?

- anyone that wants to buy sneakers


13. A supplier is a person or organization that your company relies on to do business. Who are your company's
suppliers?

- manufacturers (Nike, Addidas, Reebok, Puma, etc)












